Add support of egress provider to deliver data to a S3 storage (#2016)
dotnet/dotnet-monitor: documentation/configuration.md

### S3 storage egress provider

| Name | Type | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| endpoint | string | true | The URI of the S3 storage service |
| bucketName | string | true | The name of the s3 Bucket to which the blob will be egressed |
| userName | string | true | The user credential for accessing the s3 service |
| secretsFile | string | false | Path to a file on disk which holds the user's password for accessing the s3 storage. If not provided the `password` property must be set. |
| password | string | false | The user's password for accessing the s3 storage. If not provided the `SecretsFile` must be specified. |

> | copyBufferSize | string | false | The buffer size to use when copying data from the original artifact to the blob stream.|

Author: You are right for sure.

> | copyBufferSize | string | false | The buffer size to use when copying data from the original artifact to the blob stream.|

Author: I adjusted the documentation accordingly

### Example S3 storage provider

<details>
  <summary>JSON with secret file</summary>

  ```json
  {
      "Egress": {
          "S3Storage": {
              "monitorS3Blob": {

>                   "endpoint": "http://localhost:9000",

Author: Well, I guess you are right in case we are talking about Amazon S3. For alternative S3 implementations like minio you need to know the endpoint. I will adapt it to make it optional.

                  "bucketName": "myS3Bucket",
                  "userName": "minioUser",

>                   "secretsFile": "C:\\Temp\\s3secret",

Author: Well we currently using only minio S3 storage implementation, so I am not aware about using profiles to login. If you want you can add support for profiles as well, otherwise I can read/check how to use that later as I never did something like that yet.

>                   "secretsFile": "C:\\Temp\\s3secret",

Author: I adapt accordingly to provide both options

                  "regionName": "us-east-1",
                  "copyBufferSize": 1024
              }
          }
      }
  }
  ```
</details>

<details>
  <summary>JSON with password</summary>

  ```json
  {
      "Egress": {
          "S3Storage": {
              "monitorS3Blob": {
                  "endpoint": "http://localhost:9000",
                  "bucketName": "myS3Bucket",
                  "userName": "minioUser",

>                   "password": "mySecretPassword",

Author: I hope I adapted it the way you expected

>                   "accountKey": "mySecretPassword",

Author: Done

                  "regionName": "us-east-1",
                  "copyBufferSize": 1024
              }
          }
      }
  }
  ```
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Kubernetes Secret</summary>
  
  ```sh
  #!/bin/sh
  kubectl create secret generic my-s3-secrets \
  --from-literal=Egress__S3Storage__monitorS3Blob__bucketName=myS3Bucket \
  --from-literal=Egress__S3Storage__monitorS3Blob__userName=minioUser \
  --from-literal=Egress__S3Storage__monitorS3Blob__password=mySecretPassword \
  --from-literal=Egress__S3Storage__monitorS3Blob__regionName=us-east-1 \
  --dry-run=client -o yaml | kubectl apply -f -

>  ```

Author: We tested that yes. It works with our minio s3 storage backend

The Queue Message's payload will be the blob name (`<BlobPrefix>/<ArtifactName>`; using the above example with an artifact named `mydump.dmp`, this would be `artifacts/mydump.dmp`) that is being egressed to blob storage. This is designed to be easily integrated into an Azure Function that triggers whenever a new message is added to the queue, providing you with the contents of the artifact as a stream. See [Azure Blob storage input binding for Azure Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-storage-blob-input?tabs=csharp#example) for an example.

### S3 storage egress provider

| Name | Type | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|---|

> | endpoint | string | true | An optional endpoint of S3 storage service. Can be left empty in case of using AWS. |

Reviewer: This description says this is optional but you've stated true under Required. Please update to be consistent.

> | bucketName | string | true | The name of the s3 Bucket to which the blob will be egressed |

Reviewer: There are several cases where `s3` is used (note the lowercase s) where it should always be `S3` (note the capital S). Please fix to be capital on all cases.

| accessKeyId | string | false | The AWS AccessKeyId for IAM user to login.  |
| secretAccessKeyFile | string | false | Path to a file on disk which holds the user's password for accessing the s3 storage.  To login by access key id either the 'secretAccessKeyFile' or 'secretAccessKey' must be set.|
| secretAccessKey | string | false | The AWS SecretAccessKey associated AccessKeyId for IAM user to login. To login by access key id either the 'secretAccessKeyFile' or 'secretAccessKey' must be set. |
| awsProfileName | string | false | The AWS profile name to be used for login. |
| awsProfilePath | string | false | The AWS profile path, if profile details not stored in default path. |
| generatePresSignedUrl | bool | false | A boolean flag to control if either a pre-signed url is returned after successful upload or only the name of bucket and the artifacts S3 object key. |
| preSignedUrlExpiryInMinutes | int | true | The number of minutes the generated pre-signed url should be accessible. |

> | ForcePathStyle | bool | false | The boolean flag set for AWS connection configuration ForcePathStyle option. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| forcePathStyle | bool | false | The boolean flag set for AWS connection configuration ForcePathStyle option. |
```

> | ForcePathStyle | bool | false | The boolean flag set for AWS connection configuration ForcePathStyle option. |

Reviewer: Please lowercase to `forcePathStyle`

| bucketName | string | true | The name of the S3 Bucket to which the blob will be egressed |
| accessKeyId | string | false | The AWS AccessKeyId for IAM user to login.  |
| secretAccessKeyFile | string | false | Path to a file on disk which holds the user's password for accessing the S3 storage.  To login by access key id either the 'secretAccessKeyFile' or 'secretAccessKey' must be set.|
| secretAccessKey | string | false | The AWS SecretAccessKey associated AccessKeyId for IAM user to login. To login by access key id either the 'secretAccessKeyFile' or 'secretAccessKey' must be set. |
| awsProfileName | string | false | The AWS profile name to be used for login. |
| awsProfilePath | string | false | The AWS profile path, if profile details not stored in default path. |
| generatePresSignedUrl | bool | false | A boolean flag to control if either a pre-signed url is returned after successful upload or only the name of bucket and the artifacts S3 object key. |
| regionName | string | false | A Region is a named set of AWS resources in the same geographical area. This option specifies the region to connect to. |

> | preSignedUrlExpiry | time stamp | true | The amount of time the generated pre-signed url should be accessible. The value has to be between 1 minute and 1 day. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| preSignedUrlExpiry | TimeSpan? | false | The amount of time the generated pre-signed url should be accessible. The value has to be between 1 minute and 1 day. |
```
